fix: ST_Centroid to return NULL for empty geometries per ISO spec (#26971)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/geospatial.rst

.. function:: ST_Centroid(Geometry) -> Point

    Returns the point value that is the mathematical centroid of a geometry.

>     Returns ``NULL`` for empty geometries per ISO/IEC 13249-3 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``NULL`` for empty geometries according to the ISO/IEC 13249-3 specification.
```

See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for per](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#per) for discussion and other alternatives.
